Pretrial questions to te judge or BEFORE hiring an attorney, parents MUST print and present these listed in order to establish any indication if they will protect children's rights as well as parental rights. Make sure your attorney presents these questions to the presiding judge ON RECORD in trial as well. These questions and thier answers must be preserved in the record for the appellate section in every US state.
The US Supremacy Clause is the root source of authority as judges. They have authority so long as they abide by the Clause. If judges follow their oaths, they must protect your Due Process and equal protection rights. If they reject their oaths, they reject their authority to be a judge, deprive themselves of being a legitimate Court, and they put their immunity at risk.
1. Is the power of the Court absolute and unbridled or is there some set of rules somewhere which places limitations on the Court's authority?
2. Am I entitled to a fundamentally fair process?
3. Am I entitled to a determination of "what process is "due" under federal due process law?
4. Does Article VI of the United States Constitution , and, specifically, the Supremacy Clause of that article apply to the Court, to the presiding judge of the Court, and to all proceedings in this case?
5. Is the Court and the presiding judge of this Court a state actor being asked to take state action under color of the state's family code and will the orders of the Court be enforced through the use of state power or state authority?
6. Am I entitled to an adjudication of my substantive rights or does the court consider my substantive rights to be waived, neutralized, or non-existent such that my procedural right to an adjudication of my substantive rights becomes non-existent?
7. Am I entitled to Constitutional protections for my substantive rights in these proceedings and if so, which specific substantive rights are at issue in these proceedings?
8. Is the Court authorized to issue advisory opinions?
9. Am I entitled to US Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment protections where the Court seizes my cash property to pay child support or pay another party?
10. Am I entitled to Fourth Amendment protections from search and seizure where the Court orders psychological studies, family studies, home studies, evaluations, etc.?
11. Is the Court authorized to censor my speech or my child's speech, and if it is, what is the source of the Court's authority to censor speech in this case?
12. Is the Court authorized to compel me to pay for the speech of the other parent for which I strongly disagree, and if so, what is the source of the Court's authority to compel me?
13. Do the rules of civil procedure, due process, and standing apply differently to me as a civil litigant than they apply to other civil litigants in other types of cases?
14. Am I entitled to a neutral and impartial decision maker in this suit?
15. Am I required to waive my federal Constitutional rights to gain access to this Court?
16. Does the other parent have a recognized Cause of Action to request the Court to limit my Constitutional rights, and if so, where is the source of that Cause of Action?
17. Does my child have substantive rights that are concomitant to my substantive rights and is my child entitled to Constitutional protections for those rights in these proceedings?
18. How can the Court act in the best interest of my child where the Court unconstitutionally infringes my child's fundamental rights? "Constitutional rights do not mature and come in to being magically only when one attains the state defined age of majority. Minors, as well as adults, are protected by the Constitution and possess constitutional rights". Planned Parenthood of Central Mo v Danforth, 428 U.S. 52, 74 (1974)
"Niether the Fourteenth Amendment nor the Bill of Rights is for adults alone." In re Gault, 387, U.S. 1, 13 (1967)
"State Judges, as well as federal, have the responsibility to respect and protect persons from violations of federal constitutional rights." Gross v. State of Illinois, 312 F 2d 257; (1963).